QueryParams and Alternate Route Rendering RFCs (#146)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-06-08-the-ember-times-issue-102.md

---

## [RFC for an alternative to Controllers 🥴](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/499)

> There are **two** RFCs related to the possibility of eventually removing controllers from Ember.

Reviewer: I might try a more active sentence. Something like:
```suggestion
[@NullVoxPopuli](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli) proposed **two** RFCs to outline how we can eventually remove controllers from Ember.
```

>  - [RFC 499](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/499) Proposes an alternative way of rendering templates for a particular route. (if some of you remember routable components, this isn't that 😉)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [RFC 499](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/499) proposes an alternative way of rendering templates for a particular route. (if some of you remember routable components, this isn't that 😉)
```

>  - [RFC 380](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/380) Proposas a service for handling query parameters, as well as a `@queryParam` **decorator** for accessing query parameters anywhere in your app: Routes, Components, etc. 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [RFC 380](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/380) proposes a service for handling query parameters, as well as a `@queryParam` **decorator** for accessing query parameters anywhere in your app: Routes, Components, etc. 🎉
```

> With these two RFCs, we'll eventually be able to deprecate Controllers. 🔥🔥🔥

Reviewer: Since the RFCs are, to my understanding (I haven't read the RFCs), still in a comment period, I think a better way to conclude this article is to remove the current sentence and make a call-to-action (ask readers to provide comments for RFCs).

Maybe check out Times issues 95 and 98 for examples?
